and now it's time for another dice tower
review with tom vasel say it okays of
the guy power hey I'm dombasle I'm Holly
and today we're taking a look at a game
called family challenge which doesn't
sound that interesting actually but the
box is made up of red yellow blue green
and it says inside here that there is
over a hundred minigames well you like
mini games right yeah most people like
mini games so let's take a look at this
game we'll be back
there are four tracks on the board we
have vision agility smarts and luck and
there is a deck that's associated with
each of these there's a metal that's
placed in the final spot here you're
supposed to split people up with adults
being read kids yellow although you can
honestly split up people and any teams
you want so one of the teams will pick
one of the categories let's say you say
smart all right then they're going to do
the first challenge card your opponent
the opposing team will draw the card so
for example this one here is weird Simon
so the challenge here is everyone takes
part in this game you start the game so
you're the you're the opponent player
and so you make a weird noise the player
to you off repeat that noise and adds a
new noise and you keep going around and
until somebody messes up the sequence
and if you make the mistake the other
team wins the team that wins will move
up one spot here you will continue to do
that until the first team here gets the
metal now this card also has a metal
shown on it which means if you win that
challenge you also get one of these
medals when these medals are all gone
while they're all gone when one person
gets to hear first that team wins the
losing team picks which one of the other
categories that you'll start with next
you'll keep going to all four categories
are done you will then add the metals
and whoever has the most medals wins let
me show you a couple things here the
agility one for example here is a
shooting gallery this one here you'll
use the timer piece and you'll put the
card on it and players are going to
flick the agility metal at it so it says
put it like 1 2 3 feet away hover and
you'll be flicking it at it trying to
knock that one over here's a card blower
where you need to boil a card across a
table with your super breath this
agility here is another target but at
this time it's it's a shorter dude there
are some where you have to pick a player
on their team to face you and you're
going to pump it with your pawn and
whoever gets a closer to the edge at a
table so Jody is all about sometimes
they're like physical things like
push-ups and sit-ups and whatever or
about little mini games flicking disks
and things the smart ones I've already
shown you one but here's another one we
show it to the player for 30 seconds and
then they have to recite as many words
from the list
they can and they need to get a certain
number of words whether their kids or
adults they make the adult challenge
harder the luck ones are simply just
luck this person picks a number from 1
to 19 if it's a vowel then they win so
the luck ones are always going to be
simple things like that or at each of
the you know you're moving through the
maze and then you say left to right and
if they make the wrong choice they lose
but they make it all the way to the
treasure they win so the luck ones are
simply that luck then the vision ones
are all going to be different and you
draw from the bottom of the deck because
you don't want to see the picture and
this one here you have to hide discard
someone to wear any other team needs to
find it there hiding the fish here
you're going to show the maze and ask a
question about the maze which one the
burglars will get the most gold how many
gold bars are safe from the burglars etc
so you look at this picture and this
will have a time limit of 30 seconds for
which the timer's in the game and so
that's how the game is played you're
going to be just going through the
different categories each category has a
different feel to it you know this is a
physical this is mental this is luck and
this could be who knows what like a
potpourri of different questions so what
you think in this game I like it okay
what did you like about it um the
activities and the mini-games it's just
fun yeah I'll be honest when I went into
this i thought i was going to dislike it
I thought I you know I do push ups and
stuff we did find out one thing that I
can do more jumping jacks in 30 seconds
than she can however when she's done she
sat in the chair when i was done i
thought i had once had a heart attack
but I still won um I actually like the
different flicking the chips and the
knocking things over I the agility stuff
that was on the table was what I like
the best what did you like yo you said
you liked the I like the lucky did you
but it's just luck but you like that I
actually like the other card category
like where you hit a card in a room and
someone had to find it that's pretty
interesting right you know you had to
find it but that doesn't the point but
but that's an interesting idea the game
is kind of luck it's laughed
I mean I don't know that the cards that
give you the extra metals are that much
harder than the ones that don't and
those extra metals probably determine
who wins but it is kind of an
entertaining thing to say hey it's
adults versus kids and who will win
adults okay well sometimes adults win so
anyhow what would you rate this game
from one to ten good a ten Wow now I
wouldn't rate at that high at me closer
probably to a six because this is at for
a family game sure a ton of fun
replayability slightly limited on some
of the cards but for the most part
there's there's a decent amount of
replayability there but it's an
entertaining way and it does give kids a
chance to compete with adults and win
once out of a hundred times you think
yeah there we go so that is Family
Challenge dice tower judgment approved
thanks so much for watching the dice
tower videos find more great videos and
reviews as well as our top-rated audio
podcast at dice tower calm you can also
find other great shows at dice tower
network com I'm Eric summer and you've
been watching the dice tower the dice
tower is sponsored by cool stuff Inc or
you can find great games for great
prices cool stuff in stock check them
out at cool stuff inc com shut the door